Redesign `Into` derive macro (#248)
JelteF/derive_more: impl/doc/into.md

# What `#[derive(Into)]` generates

This derive creates the exact opposite of `#[derive(From)]`.
Instead of allowing you to create a new instance of the struct from the values
it should contain, it allows you to extract the values from the struct. One
thing to note is that this derive doesn't actually generate an implementation
for the `Into` trait. Instead, it derives `From` for the values contained in
the struct and thus has an indirect implementation of `Into` as

> [recommended by the docs][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[recommended by the Rust docs for `Into`][1].
```

## Structs

For structs with a single field you can call `.into()` to extract inner type.

```rust
# use derive_more::Into;
#
#[derive(Debug, Into, PartialEq)]
struct Int(i32);

assert_eq!(2, Int(2).into());
```

> For structs that have multiple fields `.into()` extract tuple containing the
> desired content for each field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For structs that have multiple fields `.into()` extracts a tuple containing the
desired content for each field.
```

```rust
# use derive_more::Into;
#
#[derive(Debug, Into, PartialEq)]
struct Point(i32, i32);

assert_eq!((1, 2), Point(1, 2).into());
```

> To specify concrete types to derive convert into use `#[into(<types>)]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `#[into(<types>)]` to specify the concrete types that you want to convert the type into.
```

```rust
# use std::borrow::Cow;
#
# use derive_more::Into;
#
#[derive(Debug, Into, PartialEq)]
#[into(Cow<'static, str>, String)]
struct Str(Cow<'static, str>);

assert_eq!("String".to_owned(), String::from(Str("String".into())));
assert_eq!(Cow::Borrowed("Cow"), <Cow<_>>::from(Str("Cow".into())));

#[derive(Debug, Into, PartialEq)]
#[into((i64, i64), (i32, i32))]
struct Point {
    x: i32,
    y: i32,
}

assert_eq!((1_i64, 2_i64), Point { x: 1_i32, y: 2_i32 }.into());
assert_eq!((3_i32, 4_i32), Point { x: 3_i32, y: 4_i32 }.into());
```

In addition to converting to owned types, this macro supports deriving into
reference, mutable or not via `#[into(ref(...))]`/`#[into(ref_mut(...))]`.

```rust
# use derive_more::Into;
#
#[derive(Debug, Into, PartialEq)]

> #[into(owned, ref(i32), ref_mut)]

Reviewer: So `into(owned)` is equivalent to `into(types({current_type}))`?

Reviewer: I think a better example would be to use `ref(i64)`

Reviewer: hmm, actually what's the difference between `ref(i64)` and simply using `&i64`?

Reviewer 2: @JelteF here `ref`/`ref_mut` control `Self` type representation, while `&i64` controls target type.

`ref(i64)` means `impl Into<&i64> for &MyType`, while `&i64` means only `impl Into<&i64> for MyType`.
